Update the link to the token creation docs (#94)
spheronFdn/sdk: packages/storage/README.md

## Access Token

> To create the `token` that is used with the `SpheronClient`, follow the instructions in the [DOCS](https://docs.spheron.network/rest-api/#creating-an-access-token). Only tokens for web app organizations will work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create the `token` that is used with the `SpheronClient`, follow the instructions in the [DOCS](https://docs.spheron.network/rest-api/#creating-an-access-token). When you are creating the tokens, please choose **web app** type in the dashboard.
```
